确定更改主题：
Level 1 question：
 探究不同行政区划下，什么是对房价影响最大的因素？
Investigate what factors have the greatest impact on housing prices under different administrative divisions.
Level 2 question:
1.在每个具体的行政区下，哪些因素具有显著的影响？
Which factors have a significant impact within each specific administrative division?
2.哪些因素因为行政区的不同，表现出不同的影响力？
Which factors exhibit varying degrees of influence due to differences in administrative divisions?
3.有无在宏观上有显著影响的因素，细分后却不在表现出，或者相反？
Are there any factors that have a significant impact on a macro level but do not show the same effect when broken down, or vice versa?




研究方式：
每个区划下，选取五至六个具有强相关性的因素进行研究，最终得出一个影响力最大的因素
选取三个左右因素进行跨区域比较，给出原因分析
选取一至两个因素，进行区域与宏观上的影响力比较，给出原因分析




确定主题：
Level 1 question：
Which elements can increase the attractiveness of a property? //attractivness的定义和business critical
Level 2 question:
//1.房屋的年龄对房屋的吸引力有影响吗？
2.房屋的周边配套设施（地铁、学校、购物中心、电梯）对房屋的吸引力有影响吗？(吉他手)
//3.房屋所在的行政区对房屋的吸引力有影响吗？
4.房屋所在区域的人口密度对房屋的吸引力有影响吗？(年少有为不自卑)
//5.房屋装修水平对房屋的吸引力有影响吗？
6.房屋的结构（房屋数目、房屋的建筑材料和房屋结构）对房屋的吸引力有影响吗？（孤狼）
//7.房屋的面积对房屋的吸引力有影响吗？
//8.房屋有无电梯情况下楼层对房屋吸引力的影响？
//9.不同行政区对地铁敏感度？
10.分区域的研究显著性的因素(qint)

1. Does the age of a house affect its attractiveness?
2. Do the surrounding amenities (subway, schools, shopping centers, elevators) affect the attractiveness of a house?
3. Does the administrative district in which the house is located affect its attractiveness?
4. Does the population density of the area in which the house is located affect its attractiveness?
5. Does the level of house decoration affect its attractiveness?
6. Does the structure of the house (number of houses and building materials) affect its attractiveness?
7. Does the size of the house affect its attractiveness?
8. How does the floor level of a house affect its attractiveness in the presence or absence of an elevator?
9. How do different districts vary in their sensitivity to the subway?
10. Factors of significance in sub-regional studies

Level 2 question plus：
行政区的定位->建设的时间->相关的配套设施
The positioning of the district -> the construction time -> the relevant supporting facilities

Level 3 question:
可以先visualization后细化第三类问题...
分析方式：分时间段，分行政区。
不同时间段的建设区间，不同区划的吸引力；



